# Path_Integral_Two-Slit_Toolkit
A customizable numerical simulation of the quantum two-slit problem using the Feynman Path Integral Method. Provides a two-dimensional color plot and a line plot of the resulting probability distribution of the specified experiment, in the near or far regions, along with the Fraunhofer estimation.

To use the code, the desired parameters and variables can be defined at the beginning by replacing the values currently in place. These include the mass of the particle, the positions and widths of the slits, the distances to the slits and screen, and the standard deviation of the initial Gaussian wave function. Then, by setting the variable grav to either True or False, the particles can be made to accelerate by gravity or to have a constant velocity. If grav is set to False, then a velocity should be specified at the v=... equation. Once all the parameters of the experiment are set, the list of distances to simulate for should be specified. These distances will lie in an array, defined just after the parameters. The first two numbers in the array will specify the ends of the distance range and the third number will specify the number of distances within this range to calculate the distribution at. The larger this third number is, the clearer the resulting visual will be, but it will also take longer for the program to run. Similarly, the range of x-values that the program will calculate the distribution at for each distance should be specified the same way. Finally, the distance and range of x-values for which the line plot should be created should also be specified at the line plot variables. If the Fraunhofer distribution is also wanted on the line plot, the Fraunhofer variable should be toggled to True. If the Fraunhofer distribution is selected, the velocity should also be defined to give the de Broglie wavelength of the particle Once the program is run, the two-dimensional color plot will be produced for the given x and z ranges, and the line plot will be produced as specified.
